in this file, we are going to understand about the syncronous and asyncronous programming in very limited level or we can say on very basically basis but in the next file we are going to understand it in more deeply...

difference between syncronous and asyncronous programming...

Synchronous Programming:
------------------------

In synchronous programming, tasks are executed one after the other in a synchronized manner, following a strict order. Imagine you're baking cookies, and you can't put them in the oven before you've finished preparing the dough and shaping the cookies. Each step waits for the previous one to complete before moving on.

Example:

  console.log("Mixing ingredients");
  console.log("Shaping dough into cookies");
  console.log("Preheating oven");
  console.log("Baking cookies");
  console.log("Cookies ready!");

In synchronous programming, the steps are executed in the order they appear, without any interruptions.

Asynchronous Programming:
-------------------------

In asynchronous programming, tasks are handed off to the system to execute, but they don't necessarily complete in the order they're given. It's like ordering items online: you submit your order and continue with your day, knowing that the items will arrive when they're ready, but not necessarily in the same order you requested them.

Example:

  console.log("Placing order for item 1");

  setTimeout(() => {
    console.log("Item 1 delivered!");
  }, 3000); // Wait for 3 seconds

  console.log("Placing order for item 2");

  setTimeout(() => {
    console.log("Item 2 delivered!");
  }, 2000); // Wait for 2 seconds

  console.log("Placing order for item 3");

  setTimeout(() => {
    console.log("Item 3 delivered!");
  }, 1000); // Wait for 1 second

In asynchronous programming, tasks are initiated, but the program continues to execute without waiting for them to finish. They complete independently and might finish in a different order than they were started.

Summary:
--------

Synchronous Programming: Tasks execute sequentially, one after the other, following a strict order.

Asynchronous Programming: Tasks are initiated and executed independently, allowing the program to continue executing other tasks while waiting for them to complete. They may finish in a different order than they were started.